README.md, before:

# These are my configurations for nvim
### Bloat but Blazing
#### Always WIP ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

Most likely this config won't work for you if you just clone it because there is so much local stuff.
But feel free to use it as a reference and copy configs or code snippets you like.

- Tables of contents
    + [Structure](#structure)
    + [Features](#features)
      - [Completion with nvim-cmp](#completion-with-nvim-cmp)
      - [Telescope with custom pickers](#telescope-with-custom-pickers)
        * [Custom layout strategy](#custom-layout-strategy)
        * [Colorscheme Switcher (live preview)](#colorscheme-switcher--live-preview-)
      - [LSP](#lsp)
        * [Custom Diagnostic Float (layout and messages)](#custom-diagnostic-float--layout-and-messages-)
        * [Errors in trouble.nvim](#errors-in-troublenvim)
        * [Peek Definitions](#peek-definitions)
      - [Mappings with which-key.nvim](#mappings-with-which-keynvim)
      - [Startup.nvim](#startupnvim)
      - [Toggleterm](#toggleterm)
        * [Lazygit](#lazygit)
        * [Run Code](#run-code)
      - [Neorg](#neorg)
    + [Credits](#credits)

<small><i><a href='http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/'>Table of contents generated with markdown-toc</a></i></small>

### Structure
All the configurations for plugins are in `/lua/configs/`.
General settings (options, mapping, plugins) are directly in `/lua/`.
In `vimhelp` there are some custom helpfiles which I can display with a local plugin.

### Features

#### Completion with nvim-cmp
![completion](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636648-0ca0c870-f038-460c-8447-d6e9c1f1e381.png)

#### Telescope with custom pickers

##### Custom layout strategy
![custom_bottom](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636875-ea155bd1-3deb-4f76-842f-4ff3fa034c64.png)

##### Colorscheme Switcher (live preview)

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636889-94167d71-626f-4f1a-949a-30861423859b.mov

#### LSP

Easily see where errors are with underline and sign.
Diagnostic count in statusline.

![lsp_signs_count](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636951-9d1603f6-90c6-4ac8-9d4e-e4e80e9de787.png)

##### Custom Diagnostic Float (layout and messages)

![custom_diag_1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636927-d7d81ad8-b193-45bb-aa63-169c5b6c80f1.png)
![custom_diag_2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636932-96ffe083-27aa-4cd9-a095-15dd077be5e0.png)

##### Errors in trouble.nvim

![trouble](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636965-78e8130e-0d88-4fc5-8f3f-cab6967e7f86.png)

##### Peek Definitions
![peek_definition](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637041-87214f3c-4c7c-4653-a06c-dc89dc9687f3.png)

#### Mappings with which-key.nvim
![which-key](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637523-fcb4540f-9b60-4570-ae26-b157a934f610.png)

#### Startup.nvim

![startup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637556-658c7282-bd03-4a9d-a083-6bcae28157e1.png)

#### Toggleterm

##### Lazygit

![lazygit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637630-292d5a33-c764-40fd-b467-2a422b9c5bb6.png)

##### Run Code

![run_code](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637617-76dba56c-7ea5-439d-85d6-cffa047986ba.png)

#### Neorg

![neorg_gtd](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637690-43d802f2-dace-40cf-a622-7ea2f2fc296c.png)

![neorg_cpp_notes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637720-4678b437-e7d5-42eb-901a-8f2411db0715.png)

![neorg_cur_buf](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637762-477a1936-3988-4c50-8f96-ad9002cf7e0a.png)

![neorg_insert_link](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637782-5824b524-fe22-44e2-9a78-67e71ebe37c5.png)

### Credits
I took inspiration (and code snippets 😄)from a lot of configs.
The most important ones where:
- [tjdevries](https://github.com/tjdevries/config_manager/tree/master/xdg_config/nvim)
- [abzcoding](https://github.com/abzcoding/nvim)
- [tamton-aquib](https://github.com/tamton-aquib/nvim)

Commit message:

docs(readme): added notice about ignis

README.md, after:

# These are my configurations for nvim
### Bloat but Blazing
#### Always WIP ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

## Important:
I'm working on converting this to ignis-nvim.
This will be a config people can use and configure (like doom-nvim or nvchad).
So a lot of stuff will be moved and perhaps things will break.
I'll rewrite the readme once I'm done with the code.

Most likely this config won't work for you if you just clone it because there is so much local stuff.
But feel free to use it as a reference and copy configs or code snippets you like.

- Tables of contents
    + [Structure](#structure)
    + [Features](#features)
      - [Completion with nvim-cmp](#completion-with-nvim-cmp)
      - [Telescope with custom pickers](#telescope-with-custom-pickers)
        * [Custom layout strategy](#custom-layout-strategy)
        * [Colorscheme Switcher (live preview)](#colorscheme-switcher--live-preview-)
      - [LSP](#lsp)
        * [Custom Diagnostic Float (layout and messages)](#custom-diagnostic-float--layout-and-messages-)
        * [Errors in trouble.nvim](#errors-in-troublenvim)
        * [Peek Definitions](#peek-definitions)
      - [Mappings with which-key.nvim](#mappings-with-which-keynvim)
      - [Startup.nvim](#startupnvim)
      - [Toggleterm](#toggleterm)
        * [Lazygit](#lazygit)
        * [Run Code](#run-code)
      - [Neorg](#neorg)
    + [Credits](#credits)

<small><i><a href='http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/'>Table of contents generated with markdown-toc</a></i></small>

### Structure
All the configurations for plugins are in `/lua/configs/`.
General settings (options, mapping, plugins) are directly in `/lua/`.
In `vimhelp` there are some custom helpfiles which I can display with a local plugin.

### Features

#### Completion with nvim-cmp
![completion](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636648-0ca0c870-f038-460c-8447-d6e9c1f1e381.png)

#### Telescope with custom pickers

##### Custom layout strategy
![custom_bottom](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636875-ea155bd1-3deb-4f76-842f-4ff3fa034c64.png)

##### Colorscheme Switcher (live preview)

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636889-94167d71-626f-4f1a-949a-30861423859b.mov

#### LSP

Easily see where errors are with underline and sign.
Diagnostic count in statusline.

![lsp_signs_count](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636951-9d1603f6-90c6-4ac8-9d4e-e4e80e9de787.png)

##### Custom Diagnostic Float (layout and messages)

![custom_diag_1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636927-d7d81ad8-b193-45bb-aa63-169c5b6c80f1.png)
![custom_diag_2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636932-96ffe083-27aa-4cd9-a095-15dd077be5e0.png)

##### Errors in trouble.nvim

![trouble](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148636965-78e8130e-0d88-4fc5-8f3f-cab6967e7f86.png)

##### Peek Definitions
![peek_definition](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637041-87214f3c-4c7c-4653-a06c-dc89dc9687f3.png)

#### Mappings with which-key.nvim
![which-key](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637523-fcb4540f-9b60-4570-ae26-b157a934f610.png)

#### Startup.nvim

![startup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637556-658c7282-bd03-4a9d-a083-6bcae28157e1.png)

#### Toggleterm

##### Lazygit

![lazygit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637630-292d5a33-c764-40fd-b467-2a422b9c5bb6.png)

##### Run Code

![run_code](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637617-76dba56c-7ea5-439d-85d6-cffa047986ba.png)

#### Neorg

![neorg_gtd](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637690-43d802f2-dace-40cf-a622-7ea2f2fc296c.png)

![neorg_cpp_notes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637720-4678b437-e7d5-42eb-901a-8f2411db0715.png)

![neorg_cur_buf](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637762-477a1936-3988-4c50-8f96-ad9002cf7e0a.png)

![neorg_insert_link](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81827001/148637782-5824b524-fe22-44e2-9a78-67e71ebe37c5.png)

### Credits
I took inspiration (and code snippets 😄)from a lot of configs.
The most important ones where:
- [tjdevries](https://github.com/tjdevries/config_manager/tree/master/xdg_config/nvim)
- [abzcoding](https://github.com/abzcoding/nvim)
- [tamton-aquib](https://github.com/tamton-aquib/nvim)
