vimhelp/useful.md, before:

usefull keys
============

| key   | action               | decription                 |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| z=    | spellcheck           | list with spelling         |
|       |                      | suggestions                |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-a> | increment number     |                            |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-x> | decrease             |                            |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| ~     | change case of       |                            |
|       | letter under cursor  |                            |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-u> | change case of cword |                            |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-f> | helpfile of cword    | (follow link in helpfiles) |
|-------|----------------------|----------------------------|

Commit message:

feat(vimhelp): ✨added o and O in visual mode

vimhelp/useful.md, after:

useful keys
============

| key     | action               | decription                 |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| z=      | spellcheck           | list with spelling         |
|         |                      | suggestions                |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-a>   | increment number     |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-x>   | decrease             |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| ~       | change case of       |                            |
|         | letter under cursor  |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-u>   | change case of cword |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| <c-f>   | helpfile of cword    | (follow link in helpfiles) |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| *       | search cword         |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
| v_o,v_O | jump to other end of |                            |
|         | visual selection     |                            |
|---------|----------------------|----------------------------|
|
